Add Azure multi installation support and adjust cloud providers guides (#1362)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/cloud-providers/azure/installation.md

import DockerParameters from "./\_azure_docker_params.mdx"
import HelmParameters from "../../templates/\_ocean-advanced-parameters-helm.mdx"
import PortApiRegionTip from "/docs/generalTemplates/_port_region_parameter_explanation_template.md"
import AzureAppRegistration from "./\_azure_app_registration_guide.mdx"

# Installation

:::tip First Time Installation
For your first deployment of the Azure exporter, we recommend starting with the Helm/scheduled installation method to perform the initial data sync. Once the initial data sync is complete, you can switch to the Terraform deployment method for real-time data sync.
:::

## Installation Methods

<Tabs groupId="installation-methods" queryString="installation-methods" defaultValue="helm">
<TabItem value="helm" label="Helm (Scheduled)" >

The Azure exporter is deployed using helm on kubernetes.

> This way of deployment supports scheduled resyncs of the resources from Azure to Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way of deployment supports scheduled resyncs of resources from Azure to Port.
```

- Azure Credentials:
	- `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`: The Application (client) ID from the Azure App Registration.
	- `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`: The Application (client) Secret from the Azure App Registration.
	- `AZURE_TENANT_ID`: The Directory (tenant) ID from the Azure App Registration.

```bash showLineNumbers
helm repo add --force-update port-labs https://port-labs.github.io/helm-charts
helm upgrade --install azure port-labs/port-ocean \
	--set port.clientId="PORT_CLIENT_ID"  \
	--set port.clientSecret="PORT_CLIENT_SECRET"  \
	--set port.baseUrl="https://api.getport.io"  \
	--set initializePortResources=true  \
	--set scheduledResyncInterval=1440 \
	--set integration.identifier="azure"  \
	--set integration.type="azure"  \
	--set integration.eventListener.type="POLLING"  \
	--set integration.config.azureClientId="<AZURE_CLIENT_ID>"  \
	--set integration.config.azureClientSecret="<AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET>" \
	--set integration.config.azureTenantId="<AZURE_TENANT_ID>"
```

<PortApiRegionTip/>

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="ci" label="CI/CD (Scheduled)">

<Tabs groupId="ci-methods" defaultValue="github" queryString="ci-methods">

<TabItem value="github" label="GitHub Actions">

> The Azure exporter is deployed using Github Actions, which supports scheduled resyncs of the resources from Azure to Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure exporter is deployed using Github Actions, which supports scheduled resyncs of resources from Azure to Port.
```

```
<PortApiRegionTip/>

3. Apply the `azure-integration.yaml` manifest to your Kubernetes cluster.
```bash
kubectl apply -f azure-integration.yaml
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="terraform" label="Terraform (Real Time)">

The azure exporter is deployed using Terraform on Azure Container App.
It uses our Terraform [Ocean](https://ocean.getport.io) Integration
Factory [module](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/port-labs/integration-factory/ocean/latest) to deploy the
exporter.

This way of deployment supports real-time data sync from Azure to Port.

The Azure exporter is initially configured to collect Azure resources from the subscription where it's deployed.
However, it can be adjusted to ingest resources from multiple subscriptions. To learn how to configure the Azure
exporter for this purpose, check out the instructions in
the [Multiple subscriptions setup](#multiple-subscriptions-setup) section.

> :::tip

Reviewer: add a title to the admonition

Multiple ways to deploy the Azure exporter could be found in the Azure Integration
example [README](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/port-labs/integration-factory/ocean/latest/examples/azure_container_app_azure_integration)
:::

<h2> Azure infrastructure used by the Azure exporter </h2>

The Azure exporter uses the following Azure infrastructure:

- Azure Container App;
- Azure Event Grid (Used for real-time data sync to Port):
	- Azure Event Grid System Topic of type `Microsoft.Resources.Subscriptions`;
	- Azure Event Grid Subscription;

> :::warning

Reviewer: add a title

3. Edit and copy the installation command.
	 :::tip
	 The installation command includes placeholders that allow you to customize the integration's configuration. For
	 example, you can update the command and specify the `event_grid_system_topic_name` parameter if you already have one.

	- Specify the `event_grid_system_topic_name` parameter if you already have an Event Grid system topic of
		type `Microsoft.Resources.Subscriptions` in your subscription;
	- Specify the `event_grid_event_filter_list` parameter if you want to listen to more events;
	- Specify the `action_permissions_list` parameter if you want the integration to have more permissions.

	 :::
	<img src='/img/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/cloud-providers/azure/azure-terraform-install.png' width='80%' border='1px' /> <br/><br/>
	:::tip
	To find more actions that could be assigned to the exporter, you can use the [Azure Resource provider operation reference](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/resource-provider-operations) and look for the resources that you want to export to Port.
	:::

4. Run the command in your terminal to deploy the Azure exporter.

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="on-premise" label="On-Premise (Once)">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TabItem value="on-premise" label="On-Premises (Once)">
```

<h2> Prerequisites </h2>
- [Port API credentials](/build-your-software-catalog/custom-integration/api/#find-your-port-credentials)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [Azure App Registration Credentials](?installation-methods=on-premise#azure-app-registration)

<AzureAppRegistration/>

<h2> Installation </h2>

> Now that you have the Azure App Registration details, you can install the Azure exporter using docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have the Azure App Registration details, you can install the Azure exporter using Docker.
```

To configure the Azure exporter to ingest resources from other subscriptions, follow these steps:

1. **Navigate to the Subscription:**
   - Go to the Azure portal and select the subscription you want to ingest resources from.

2. **Assign Permissions:**
   - In the subscription's `Access control (IAM)` section, go to the Role assignment tab.
   - Choose the appropriate role for the managed identity responsible for the integration.
   - Assign this role to the managed identity associated with the integration.

3. **Repeat the Process:**
   - Repeat the above steps for each subscription you wish to include.

<h3> How do I set up real-time data ingestion from multiple subscriptions? </h3>

For real-time data ingestion, you will need to set up an Event Grid System Topic and an Event Grid Subscription in each subscription you want to ingest resources from. The system topic should be of type `Microsoft.Resources.Subscriptions`.

If you are using the terraform deployment method, refer to the [Azure Integration example](https://github.com/port-labs/terraform-ocean-integration-factory/blob/main/examples/azure_container_app_azure_integration/main.tf) for more information.

> ## Further information

Reviewer: "Further information" sounds a bit weird, maybe "Next steps"?

> - Refer to the [Resource Templates](resource_templates/resource_templates.md) for templates on how to map Azure resources to Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refer to the [Resource Templates](resource_templates/resource_templates.md) section for templates used to map Azure resources to Port.
```
